---
layout: release
title: v0.6.0
date: 2022-03-03
assets:
 - name: linux64
   github-asset: trackerboy-v0.6.0-x64-linux.tar.gz
 - name: win32
   github-asset: trackerboy-v0.6.0-x86-windows.zip
 - name: win64
   github-asset: trackerboy-v0.6.0-x64-windows.zip
 - name: manual
   github-asset: offline-manual.zip
---
### Added
 - Command line argument parsing, you can now open a module on application startup
 - General tab in Config dialog for changing basic settings.
 - Appearance tab in Config dialog for changing fonts, colors and other settings
 - Keyboard tab in Config dialog for changing keyboard layout and editing keybinds,
   as well as shortcut key sequences.
 - Colors for the audio scope and graph editors are now customizable
 - Autosave. Disabled by default, enable in the General tab in Config.
 - Jxy effect for setting the global volume scale.
 - Menu action in Tracker for reseting the global volume (`Tracker|Reset global volume`)
 - Context menu for pattern editor
 - Action for replacing all selected instrument columns with the current instrument
   (Edit|Replace instrument)

### Changed
 - Combined the Sound and Midi tabs in the Configuration dialog (Sound + MIDI)
 - AZERTY keyboard layout uses French AZERTY
 - QWERTZ keyboard layout uses German T3
 - CascadiaMono is no longer the default font
 - (Windows) Consolas is now the default font, falling back to Courier New if not available
 - No longer using dock widgets, Instruments + Waveforms are now located to
   the right of the pattern editor.
 - Pattern editor row numbers can be displayed in decimal (default is hexadecimal)
 - Cursor wrap can now be disabled in General settings
 - Hxx effect (set sweep register) now works.
 - Crash save filename no longer using colons in the timestamp (this resulted
   in using an illegal filename on windows).
 - Follow-mode is now accessible from the Tracker menu
 - Selecting an instrument/waveform will switch to that item in its editor if it is open.
 - Module properties dialog can now be opened via Ctrl+P

### Fixed
 - Issue with Instrument Editor not properly updating when changing instruments
 - Hitting enter in the sequence editor line edit opens the Wave editor
 - Bug when saving a new module overwrites the last opened one instead of prompting
   the user for a new location.
 - Song editor not updating on song change.

### Removed
 - Synthesizer quality setting in Sound configuration

